Add note about content guidelines in writing guidelines page (#4547)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/contributing/docs_writing_guidelines.rst

    the smallest and clearest sentences possible. These guidelines will help
    you work towards that goal.

> .. note::
> 
>     For information on what type of documentation you can create see the
>     `content guidelines <doc_content_guidelines>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. seealso::

    See the `content guidelines <doc_content_guidelines>`__ for information
    on the types of documentation you can write.
```
